feat: add `lapack/base/dlacn2` (#7438)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/lapack/base/dlacn2/README.md

<!--

@license Apache-2.0

Copyright (c) 2025 The Stdlib Authors.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

-->

# dlacn2

> LAPACK routine to estimate the one-norm of a square matrix `A`, using reverse communication for evaluating matrix-vector products.

<section class="usage">

## Usage

```javascript
var dlacn2 = require( '@stdlib/lapack/base/dlacn2' );
```

#### dlacn2( N, V, X, ISGN, EST, KASE, ISAVE )

> Estimates the one-norm of a square matrix `A`, using alternative indexing semantics and reverse communication for evaluating matrix-vector products.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Estimates the one-norm of a square matrix `A`, using reverse communication for evaluating matrix-vector products.
```

var V = new Float64Array( [ 5.0, 3.0, 1.0, 5.0 ] );
var X = new Float64Array( [ 1.0, 2.0, 3.0, 4.0 ] );
var ISGN = new Int32Array( [ 1, 1, 1, 1 ] );
var EST = new Float64Array( [ 10 ] );
var KASE = new Int32Array( [ 1 ] );
var ISAVE = new Int32Array( [ 2, 3, 1 ] );

dlacn2( 4, V, X, ISGN, EST, KASE, ISAVE );
// X => <Float64Array>[ 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 1.0 ]
// V => <Float64Array>[ 5.0, 3.0, 1.0, 5.0 ]
// EST => <Float64Array>[ 10.0 ]
// KASE => <Int32Array>[ 1 ]
```

The function has the following parameters:

-   **N**: number of rows/columns in `A`.
-   **V**: workspace [`Float64Array`][mdn-float64array] having `N` indexed elements, used internally to store intermediate vectors.
-   **X**: input/output [`Float64Array`][mdn-float64array] having `N` indexed elements, contains the current or next matrix-vector product.
-   **ISGN**: [`Int32Array`][mdn-int32array] having `N` indexed elements, stores the sign of each element in `X` during iterations.
-   **EST**: single-element [`Float64Array`][mdn-float64array], on output, contains the estimated one-norm of the matrix `A`.
-   **KASE**: single-element [`Int32Array`][mdn-int32array] that controls the reverse communication.

> -   **ISAVE**: [`Int32Array`][mdn-int32array] having 3 indexed elements, used internally to maintain state across multiple calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **V**: workspace [`Float64Array`][mdn-float64array] having `N` indexed elements. This workspace is used internally to store intermediate vectors.
-   **X**: input/output [`Float64Array`][mdn-float64array] having `N` indexed elements. This array contains the current or next matrix-vector product.
-   **ISGN**: [`Int32Array`][mdn-int32array] having `N` indexed elements. This array stores the sign of each element in `X` during iterations.
-   **EST**: single-element [`Float64Array`][mdn-float64array], on output. This array contains the estimated one-norm of the matrix `A`.
-   **KASE**: single-element [`Int32Array`][mdn-int32array] that controls the reverse communication.
-   **ISAVE**: [`Int32Array`][mdn-int32array] having 3 indexed elements. This array is used internally to maintain state across multiple calls.
```

Reviewer: Here and below.

> The reverse communication takes place using `KASE`, it may have any of these values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reverse communication takes place using `KASE`. The single-element in `KASE` may have the following values:
```
